ci: Adopt semantic release (#21)
salesforce/eslint-plugin-lwc-mobile: CONTRIBUTING.md

-   [x] Dependencies
    -   Minimize number of dependencies.
    -   Prefer Apache 2.0, BSD3, MIT, ISC and MPL licenses.
-   [x] Reviews
    -   Changes must be approved via peer code review

# Creating a Pull Request

1. **Ensure the bug/feature was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under Issues. If none exists, create a new issue so that other contributors can keep track of what you are trying to add/fix and offer suggestions (or let you know if there is already an effort in progress).
2. **Clone** the forked repo to your machine.
3. **Create** a new branch to contain your work (e.g. `git br fix-issue-11`)
4. **Commit** changes to your own branch.
5. **Push** your work back up to your fork. (e.g. `git push fix-issue-11`)
6. **Submit** a Pull Request against the `main` branch and refer to the issue(s) you are fixing. Try not to pollute your pull request with unintended changes. Keep it simple and small.
7. **Sign** the Salesforce CLA (you will be prompted to do so when submitting the Pull Request)

> **NOTE**: Be sure to [sync your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) before making a pull request.

# Release Process

### Branching Strategy:

> -   **Main Branch**: Ongoing development and new features are submitted to the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Main Branch**: Ongoing development and new features are submitted to the `main` branch.
```

> -   **Release Branch**: We'll utilize a dedicated branch for managing releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Release Branches**: We'll utilize dedicated branches for managing releases
```

    -   **Major Release:**

>         -   Create a new branch named `release-\*` (e.g., `release-2`) from `main` to manage the release process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   Create a new branch named `release-<major version>` (e.g. `release-2` for a `2.0` release) from `main` to manage the release process.
```

>         -   Update the `.releaserc.yml` file: Locate the branches property and specify the newly created release branch name (e.g., `release-2`).

Reviewer 2: should we switch line 82 with line 83? 82 line say "newly created brach ...",   83 line is for created the new branch ?

>         -   Update the `.releaserc.yml` file: Locate the `branches` property and specify the newly created release branch name (e.g., `release-2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   Update the `.releaserc.json` file: Locate the `branches` property and specify the newly created release branch name (e.g. `release-2`).
```

    -   **Minor/Patch Release:**

>         -   If a release branch for a major version already exists (e.g., `release-2`), we can use it for subsequent minor and patch releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   We will use existing major release branches (e.g. `release-2`) for subsequent minor and patch releases (e.g. `2.0.1`, `2.1.2`, etc.).
```

>         -   Hot fixes are merged in release branch, and will be merged back to `main` once it is verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   Once changes are verified and merged into the release branch, they will be merged back to `main`.
```

> -   **Trigger Release Manually:**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Trigger Release Manually:**
```
